Previously
on Sons of Anarchy...
-Leland. -You bring
another police escort?
We had nothing to do
with the sheriffs.
You gunned them down,
so now they're
everyone's problem.
(screams)
We hear the bitch lived.
CHIBS:
But she's not talking.
Killing your mommy was
an accident.
It was such an awful accident.
HARRISON: Abel hit the kid
with a metal lunch box
and put a gash in his head.
It was unprovoked.
Why'd you hit that kid?
It was an accident.
Do you understand
what an accident is?
Do you?
NERO:
So, I was talking to my uncle.
He'll give me his farm
if I can come up
with 150 cash as a down.
It's us having a place
that we can run to.
I want you with me.
We deserve something better,
Gemma.
Do we?
It's all gonna come together.
I just need to show him
the video.
Make him think he's getting
the leverage.
What happened?
Why do you need more leverage?
Marks grabbed
-one of my guys.
-(Bobby yelling)
TYLER:
For every 24 hours
August has to wait,
he's gonna cut off another part
-of your guy.
-(Bobby yelling)
I mean, I'm with you,
but I don't know how much longer
I'm gonna be able
to keep playing
double agent.
Jesus.
If you or your mother
ever get the idea to betray me,
this is what happens.
No!
What happens now?
You should find a good lawyer.
I'll keep a couple
of my guys with you.
I'm giving the DA
your statement.
I'll lead the cops
to the pastor's body.
(motorcycle engines humming)
♪ ♪
(passionate moaning)
(bed creaking)
♪ ♪
Oh, my God!
(passionate moaning)
(panting)
(headboard tapping)
(passionate moaning)
(vibrator buzzing)
(moans)
(grunting)
(Winsome moaning)
(Jax crying)
Did I do something wrong?
No.
I heard from the girls
what happened to your wife.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
(Jax inhales deeply)
Where you going?
Figured you wanted me to leave.
No.
Stay.
Please.
Is this okay?
Yeah.
That's nice.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
How's your crew holding up?
It's brutal.
Bobby was...
We all leaned on him, you know?
I'm not sure what SAMCRO looks
like without him.
Yeah.
It really rocked Gemma.
Look, I tried to bring this up
a few times, mano,
but, uh, you know, with
everything going on, you know...
I was serious
about selling my piece.
Yeah, I know.
I'm just not in a place
where I can do that right now.
Mm-hmm.
I figured as much.
I've been talking to Alvarez.
He's got the cash.
I'll sell him my half
and he'll let Oso
and his crew run the house
in Stockton.
You made this deal
behind my back?
No.
Just exploring my options.
Nothing's set in stone.
This about your uncle's farm?
Yeah.
It's time, Jax.
We both know that.
Hey, I ain't dropping out.
I'll be around, make sure
the transition works.
Hey. Morning.
Morning.
I'm gonna head over
to Red Woody.
Lyla's gonna help me
with all the computer shit.
Okay, good.
The hard copy's in the closet
next to the kitchen.
Okay.
You got to take all that data,
then, and re-enter it.
I don't really know
what that means, but okay.
She seems to be adjusting
to life indoors.
Yeah.
She's a smart girl.
A little unstable, but smart.
That's the way we like them.
About selling my piece.
This ain't about me
and you, Jax.
I get it.
I'm okay with Alvarez.
I just...
I don't know, I...
guess I'm just not ready
to lose my partner.
I'm gonna be around.
Uh, I love your mom.
And I'm hoping that, uh, she
comes down, spends time with me.
Your boys, too.
Lucius will be there.
It's quiet, it's safe.
Be a nice little escape.
Yeah.
Okay.
Seems like you're not
the only Son
who was seeking a little, uh,
professional comfort.
Uh, I guess not.
RAT BOY:
Have a great day.
Bye.
I'll catch you later?
Yeah.
Didn't know you were here.
Couldn't sleep.
I crashed here
the last couple nights.
Yeah.
I kind of...
I just had to let off some...
-I don't need to know.
-Okay.
Anything more on Marks?
No, he's still in County.
Three days and no hearing?
DA's dragging her feet.
Making him sweat.
Today still make sense?
Yeah.
You all set with T.O.?
Yeah, meeting at the Fireside.
You let him know.
The second it looks
like it's gonna go south...
Yeah.
I'll be clear.
You should head out.
Oh. Yeah.
(door opens)
These the records?
(door closes)
That's them.
Thank you for helping out
with this.
Well, I don't really know
what the hell I'm doing.
But... it's cool.
I like the girls.
I think some of us are gonna
get a place together.
You know, before we all get
gunned down
by Chinese gangsters?
Perfect.
Hey.
Thank you for hanging out
with me.
Anytime.
Hey.
I don't know much about you.
Your club or anything.
But I can see you're in pain.
I know how hard it is to look
past the shit we do.
I've lost track of all
the people I've hurt.
Disappointed.
But you've been really nice
to me.
And-and kind.
And you kept your word.
Not a lot of people do that.
You're a really decent guy, Jax.
I just hope you can see
some of that.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(Venus moans)
Are you off
to new adventures, angel?
Yeah.
Uh, I'm heading to Stockton.
Will I see you later?
Uh...
I'm not sure.
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah. Fine.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(fingers scratch on stubble)
Gonna be late, there, kiddo.
Come on.
Eat fast.
Hey, what happened?
Tommy scratched me.
Let me see.
Well, how'd he do that?
I'll trim his nails.
Let me see 'em.
Here you go.
Thank you.
You really should try
to eat something, Ma.
I will, baby.
Did you sleep at all?
-Not really.
-(door opens)
QUINN: All right. All right,
we'll talk to you later.
-Got a call from Oakland.
It's a go. -Good.
LOUTREESHA:
When can we go home? Okay, uh...
Jax said it,
I have so many obligations.
QUINN: We'll know more
by the end of the day.
I talked to the DA
and I hired a lawyer.
Jax said we could leave
after I did all that.
GRANT: Look, you need
to tell us what's going on.
We can't just sit here
waiting to find out
if someone's gonna kill us.
That's exactly why
you're just gonna sit there.
We'll bring you home
when it's safe.
(door closes)
You be good, little man.
I'll pick you up later.
Come on, Abel.
I've got him.
Hey.
What happened to your eye,
sweetheart?
Tommy scratched me.
Your brother?
That's a big scratch
for a little brother.
Are you sure
that's what happened?
If someone else did this to you,
like an adult or a friend,
you need to tell me.
Why?
Because it's wrong.
And if they did it on purpose,
they could get in trouble.
With the police?
Yes.
And the school.
Come on.
(school bell ringing)
You find out why they put
your boy in solitary?
No.
Sheriff took the deal to the DA.
I don't know what happened.
Where's that leave us with Lin?
Well, I'm working on it.
Might take me a day or two
to have the right guys
for the right shift.
Okay.
We're all set to meet with Otis.
The sit-down is this afternoon.
He'll bring everybody
up to speed.
Is there anything I need
to know about this guy?
He was my number two in Tempe.
Just got out of Perryville.
He's solid.
Time for the inbreds
to move over, huh?
Yeah.
I think Leland isn't so happy
about the shift in management.
We'll help him adjust.
But you need to make sure
that Juice gets to Lin.
Well, in the meantime,
I'm gonna keep that little
Puerto Rican real close.
I'll make sure
no one breaks his heart.
Well, he could do
with a little loving.
(Jax knocks on door)
(vehicle approaching)
What you need, man?
Not what I need.
It's what Mr. Marks needs.
Loutreesha Haddem has confirmed
her statement with the DA.
Secured herself a lawyer.
So what happens now?
Well, Mr. Marks has his hearing
the day after tomorrow.
And before he posts bail
and comes home,
I have a task to complete.
Yeah?
What's that?
I need to talk
to the pastor's family,
convince them
to rethink their statement.
Teller's protecting them.
I need you to find out where.
We do business together.
Ain't like I'm going
to no biker barbecues.
One-Niners have been connected
to SAMCRO
for a couple of decades.
We know how tight you are
with Teller.
In light
of this recent betrayal,
that bond concerns Mr. Marks.
Makes him wonder
where your loyalties lie.
I'm here, man.
We're with August.
Prove it.
There's a guy that runs
their support crew.
T.O.
He probably knows.
Grim Bastards?
Yeah.
I'll track him down and I'll let
you know what I find out.
Hold on.
Let's do that together.
All right.
Guess you're driving.
(children chattering)
(latch rattles)
(lunch box latch clicks)
(engines rumbling)
JAX:
You Otis?
Yeah.
Jax Teller.
-Nice.
-This is Chibs, Tig, Happy.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
I talked to Tully.
I know.
Things are in play.
Yeah?
Where's Leland?
He's late. Don't know
if he can read a watch.
HAPPY:
Doubt it.
Most of my guys are
in the house.
Plus the two at the camper.
I got four coming up
from AZ today.
How many are having problems
with the shift?
Leland's boy, Scoot.
Rudy.
Maybe Decker.
The rest don't give a shit.
SCOOT:
The hell they doing here?
Tully wanted me to meet 'em.
-You tell Leland?
-JAX: We will.
When he gets here.
Well, he ain't gonna like some
tranny humper at his sit-down.
What did you say?
What, man?
You think people don't know
you suck dick?
Badass outlaw likes
to ride bitch
to some T-girl.
CHIBS:
Not the time, brother.
Not the time.
Wow.
I'm okay with the time.
He's okay with the time.
TIG:
Hey.
Mule head.
I think you owe me an apology.
Are you kidding me?
If you were in this crew,
you'd get your dick shot off,
you ass-raping freak.
-(gunshot)
-(Scoot screams)
-Like that?
-Easy!
Everyone.
Guns down!
Now!
(Scoot groaning)
Next shithead
that doesn't listen
is gonna get
the same thing from me.
SCOOT:
Traitor!
Siding with these bitches!
Shut up, you redneck douche bag.
You want to know
where Leland is?
He's on his way to kill
that bitch cop.
What are you talking about?
(Scoot screams)
He asked you a question.
You lied to us.
Said you'd shut her up.
Leland knows Tully's using you
to take him out.
Letting the cop turn him over
for killing her nigger partner.
Eglee.
Shit.
I gotta go.
Do it.
(gunshots)
I'll call Rat.
(phone beeps)
(phone ringing)
-That's gotta be him.
-Yeah.
Hello.
TYLER:
That's T.O.
(engine starts)
That was Chibs.
I gotta head to St. Thomas.
Could use some help.
-What about the thing with...
-It's gotta wait.
Oh, shit.
T.O.:
Come on...
MAN:
Now.
Right there.
Turn around.
SAMCRO?
Yeah.
How 'bout that?
(elevator bell dings)
(door beeps, latch clicks)
(engines roaring)
(horn blaring)
(door beeps, latch clicks)
(clicks)
(shower running)
UNSER:
Looking for someone?
Toss the gun.
In the sink.
(grunting)
-(gunshots)
-(Leland groans)
(Unser groans)
(groans)
(indistinct radio transmission)
(camera shutter clicking)
Where was Eglee?
First thing I did was
move her to another room.
I didn't have time
to call it in.
Well, how did you know
Leland Gruen
was on his way to kill her?
I got a heads up.
From who?
Anonymous.
Friends of Eglee's.
(Althea sighs)
You can't keep
protecting them, Wayne.
This has got nothing
to do with Tara.
I gave my statement to Carreira.
It was a clean kill.
We need you in there, LT.
Okay.
We're not done.
I'll talk to you later.
Yes, ma'am.
I think your anonymous friends
are waiting for you
in the lobby.
Hey.
Is Eglee okay?
Yeah.
I put three bullets
in that man's chest.
Hey.
-That guy was a scumbag.
-(phone ringing)
-Yeah.
-Excuse me.
You know how many kills
I had on the job?
None.
That's right.
Fired my weapon
maybe a dozen times.
Two wounded perps.
That's it.
Does that tell you
something, son,
huh, about what's
happening here?
You said Eglee wasn't
gonna talk.
She told the DA it was
a few white guys, some Nazi ink.
She didn't ID anybody.
They didn't know that.
"They"?
The AB?
Does that mean
there's more coming?
No.
Leland was the end of it.
Thank you.
I owe you.
(Unser grunts)
Jackie.
-Tyler?
-No, Wendy.
They need you at Abel's school.
What now?
She doesn't know.
Well, have her send Gemma.
Child Services were called.
They need the father.
Go.
We'll handle black.
You go take care of your family.
We got this, brother.
All right, yeah, all right.
Hap, you stay with him.
(sighs)
(muttering)
MOSES:
You saw what happened to Bobby.
I carved out his eye,
cut his fingers off.
That's what will happen
if you don't cooperate.
So why don't we save ourselves
the agony and time?
Where is SAMCRO hiding
the pastor's son and wife?
(grunting)
(coughing)
(panting):
Jesus Christ.
(blows landing)
(buzzer sounds)
GUARD:
From Tully.
Holy shit.
(low talking nearby)
What the hell is going on?
I don't know.
Won't tell me shit.
MILDRED:
Are you Mr. Teller?
Yeah.
I'm the assistant principal,
Mildred Treal.
And this is Investigator Syeed
from Child Services.
JAX:
Where's my kid?
Is he okay?
Yeah.
Can you please just,
uh, have a seat?
SYEED:
I'll go get Ms. Harrison.
(Gemma scoffs)
Who's Ms. Harrison?
(scoffs)
Abel's nosy teacher.
JAX:
Can you at least tell us
why Child Services is here?
MILDRED:
We'll explain everything.
JAX:
Hey, buddy.
What's going on?
Show him, Abel.
-Jesus Christ. -Oh, my God,
what happened, baby?
Who did this to you?
It's okay, honey,
you can tell the truth.
This is a safe room.
Who did this to you?
Grandma.
A grapefruit spoon.
Turns out to be
the perfect little tool
for taking out an eye.
Who goes first?
(sighs)
I can't let this psycho
take my goddamn eye.
I know where they got
the wife and kid.
It's a... cabin.
Probably gonna have
the whole charter there.
Shit.
Where is it?
I'll write it down.
Get him a pen and paper.
I got to say,
I'm really disappointed
that a brother was
the first one to cave.
TYLER:
Moses, he give it up?
MOSES:
Yeah.
So we good, right?
I'll let you know
when we get there.
Jax, I dressed Abel
for school this morning.
Other than the scratch
over his eye from Thomas,
he had no cuts,
no bruises, nothing.
Then what the hell happened?
Why would he lie?
He knew that was gonna get you
in trouble.
I don't know, baby.
He's been quiet,
kind of distant.
It's got to be about Tara.
Maybe he thinks Gemma
is trying to replace her.
You know?
Thinks that if he gets her
out of the way,
somehow his mom comes back.
He needs to talk to someone.
He's five.
Doesn't need a shrink.
Well, he needs something!
I mean, if he did this
to himself...
NERO:
Wendy's right.
We, uh, we got to find someone
that'll help him figure
this shit out.
JAX (softly):
Yeah.
But for now,
you can't be alone
with him, Mom.
Jackson,
you know I would never
hurt my boys.
It doesn't matter what I know.
Child Services are calling
the shots now.
The state
could take them
if we don't follow protocol.
(sighs)
I'm gonna bring them
to my house.
I'm gonna need some help.
You think you could stay with us
until we figure this out?
Sleep in the nursery?
Yeah, sure.
Sorry, Jackie.
You want us to handle this thing
without you?
No, no, just give me a minute.
I'm sorry, Mom.
It's okay.
I'll pack up their stuff.
I'll bring them by after school.
Thank you.
Come on, let's go.
Oh, Gem.
(door opens, closes)
Up here.
Turn right.
(door creaks open)
(gunshot)
Shit!
Sorry.
That was a little messy.
You think?!
This has got to be it.
Yeah.
No Harleys.
Think he was lying?
I don't know.
Clear it.
(windmill creaking)
(man grunts)
MAN:
Clear.
DRIVER:
House is all clear.
(phone ringing)
The camper.
(high-pitched squealing)
(muffled shouting)
(squealing stops)
(Moses cries out)
Hold it!
(gunfire stops)
(gunshot)
(Moses groaning)
(panting)
(Moses continues panting)
(panting continues)
Good on you, Teller.
(groaning)
(muffled screaming)
(eye squelches, snaps)
(screaming)
(screaming continues)
(whimpering)
(panting)
(gunshot)
(two gunshots)
(insects trilling)
(door opens)
(door closes)
(Jax sighs)
You sure you don't mind
getting rid of the trash?
I'll keep the cars.
That'll cover my cleaning fee.
Take them.
Need a lift to your wheels?
Nah, we're just down the road.
(sighs)
I appreciate the backup.
A favor for a favor.
(vehicle approaching)
-Yeah. -Heard it was a cop
who put down Leland.
You set that shit up?
Sort of.
Don't matter.
Just couldn't be me.
Yeah.
TIG:
What the hell?
Shit.
What the hell happened to him?
Couldn't get away from Moses
to give them a heads up.
We were heading out
for the hospital.
He scooped up both of us.
Shit.
-You okay?
-Yeah.
Couldn't cave too easy.
Took a few hits.
JAX:
I'm sorry it went down that way.
It's cool.
(groans)
(chuckles)
-I'm proud of you.
-Thanks, man.
George, well done, brother.
(Tig muttering)
(sighs)
I owe you, brother.
Thank you.
Anything for you, Jax.
Guess things went okay here?
Well, we got a pile of dead
black guys in the backyard.
T.O.:
What?
Was LAPD here?
(light laughter)
There's three left
if you want one.
I'm good, man.
Yeah, me, too.
We did it.
Come on.
(Chibs speaks indistinctly)
Yo.
(door opens)
Pack your bags.
TYLER:
What's going on?
Marks' hit squad
has been discharged.
What about August?
QUINN:
He won't be out for a few days.
We're gonna take you home,
keep an eye on you.
We'll see what happens then.
Okay.
(Loutreesha crying)
Hey.
Hey, it's okay, Mom.
It's okay.
Hey.
We're gonna be okay.
(chuckles)
(Loutreesha continues crying)
(music playing over TV)
CATHERINE (over TV):
I've waited over three years,
Mr. Heathcliff.
(door closes)
HEATHCLIFF: And I've waited
at your gate over an hour,
Mrs. Linton.
CATHERINE: You can be quite
the scoundrel, Heathcliff.
(Heathcliff chuckles)
HEATHCLIFF:
Never, my love.
We will let the horses set
the pace for our hearts,
as we become reacquainted.
♪ ♪
"A brotherhood of misery,
with smiles as sad as sighs.
"The madness daily maddening me
"and turning into agony.
"The bliss before my eyes.
"So stood I
in Heaven's glorious sun,
"and in the glare of Hell,
"my spirit drank a mingled tone,
"of seraph's song
and demon's moan.
"What my soul bore,
my soul alone,
within itself may tell."
(door closes)
Hey, darling.
Hi.
Rough day?
What do you think?
Some Aryan psycho tried to kill
one of my sheriffs.
Right.
(chuckles)
I can't do this anymore.
What?
I don't know
what I was thinking. I'm...
Jesus, I'm an idiot.
It's not you, Filip.
I always put myself
in these situations
where...
that just can't go anywhere.
It's like I seek out shit
that I know is gonna
crash and burn.
I'm sorry.
I should've never
let this happen.
(sighs)
(chuckles)
Okay.
That's it?
Okay?
(Chibs sighs)
What do you want from me,
Althea?
I don't know, man.
Am I right?
You're a cop and I'm a criminal.
I'm never gonna tell you
about my business,
and you sure as shit
ain't gonna tell me yours.
So, no.
We won't be taking strolls
down Main Street
hand in hand,
picking out furniture
and whatever other shite
that normal couples do.
I like you.
The sex is great.
And when you're not tearing
apart every single moment
that we're together,
you're actually a lot of fun.
But no...
I'm not gonna make up your mind
for you.
(Chibs grunts)
(material ripping)
(zipper opening)
(panting)
(moans)
(knocking)
Hey.
Why you sitting in the dark?
Please turn that off.
Please.
What's going on?
I know what this is, Alexander.
Why you're with me.
What are you talking about?
You're a man who dares
to dance with the freaks.
I perpetuate that deviance
for you.
Allow you to show the world
that you live outside the box.
But...
I know that's where it ends
for us,
and I understand.
It comes with the territory
of my complicated identity.
But my...
my feelings for you
are simpler.
They live very much
inside the box.
I'm afraid...
Alexander, that...
I may have fallen
in love...
with you.
(Venus sniffles)
Um, I don't know what to say.
Please, let me say it for you.
Uh...
I'm a man.
I am a man
who knows she's a woman.
And that's exactly
where I'm supposed to be.
That's the crisscross
that I've come to love.
I don't want the surgery.
I don't want to undo
what God has given me.
I-I know how beautiful I am.
You are beautiful.
Thank you.
I'm-I'm gonna need to put
some-some distance between us.
(sniffles)
At least un-until I can, uh...
...climb outside the box again.
Well...
you're right, baby.
About me.
About everything.
This is my crisscross.
Because when I'm with you,
I don't have any secrets.
I mean, I can't.
I-I ha... I have to open myself
up for this.
And...
you see everything.
All the things that I hide.
All the shit that I hate
about myself.
You see it all, baby.
You see it all.
And through all that,
you still love me?
Wow.
I mean, I've never had that
ever with anyone.
In any box, you know?
But when I try to get close...
you know, to feel...
-Normal.
-Yeah.
-Yes.
I-I just, I can't hook it up.
I-I understand...
No, let me finish, baby.
But I want to.
I want to.
I want to feel...
...what it's like...
...for you to be mine.
I want to be able to go
anywhere, anyplace
with you being mine.
Come on, baby.
Why don't you just go get
yourself cleaned up.
Put on a pretty dress.
Put those flowers
back in your hair.
'Cause I want to hear your lilt
when you say my name.
'Cause you are my, my sweet,
my beautiful... Venus.
Oh...
Okay.
Okay?
Yeah.
Yeah?
I'll-I'll do that for you, baby.
My precious Alex...
Alexander.
Alexan... Alexander.
(laughs)
Come on.
VENUS:
Oh!
My savior.
TIG:
Oh, my baby.
VENUS:
Oh, you're my angel.
My little baby.
(groans)
-Ooh, sorry.
-It's okay.
What the hell happened?
A little dustup with
a few African-American fellows.
Marks' guys?
What went down?
Jax can fill you in.
Yeah, well until he does,
anything we need
-to get ready for here?!
-Hey! He's exhausted!
Jax is at his house.
You want answers, talk to him.
Gemma's in her room.
(quiet laugh)
Feeling any better?
I don't know.
I'm sorry this happened, mama.
I know this... I know
what this does to you.
When are you going to Norco?
Hmm, well, I pick up my money
from Alvarez tomorrow.
Probably head down there the
next couple of days, you know?
See what needs to be done.
Start setting things up.
Need some help?
Serious?
Yeah, you know.
At least for a while.
Till the shit gets sorted out
with Abel.
Oh, that'll be good, mama.
Yeah, I mean, we could do it
together, hmm?
Ma-Make it our place, you know?
No, no, no,
it's gonna be okay, Gem.
Baby, we're gonna get through
all this.
I don't know why
you're still here.
Why you still love me.
Oh, don't-don't say that.
I don't know who I am anymore.
I don't know.
Baby, baby.
You're my girl.
Hmm?
(Gemma sniffles)
That's who you are.
You're my girl.
(door opens)
(insects trilling)
-Hey.
(door closes)
Did they go down okay?
Yeah.
I tried talking to him a little
bit, but he wasn't having it.
Yeah, give him a couple days.
He's got to know
what he did was wrong.
I got the names of a couple
of good therapists.
Thank you for doing
all this, Wendy.
For helping getting them
settled back here.
I don't mind.
I was gonna make some tea.
Sounds nice.
(footsteps approaching)
Hey, buddy.
What are you doing up?
May I have some water, please?
WENDY:
I got it.
(water pouring)
Come here.
Here you go, buddy.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Why don't you sit down
for a minute?
I want to tell you something,
Abel.
And I want you to try
to really understand, okay?
Okay.
You remember when I told you
that me and Mommy got married
after you were born?
When you were already three?
Yeah.
And that you didn't come
out of Mommy's tummy
the way Thomas did?
Well, that's because you came
out of another mommy's tummy.
Do you know
whose tummy that was?
It was Wendy's.
Wendy was your first mommy.
You came out of her tummy.
That's kind of crazy, right?
You see, Daddy and Wendy,
we used to be married.
But we realized that we were
better off just being friends.
But that's why she's here now.
To help take care of you
now that you need a mommy.
Okay?
I just want you to know
there are so many people
that love you, Abel.
No matter what happens,
you're always gonna have
a daddy and a mommy
that are gonna do
their best for you.
Hey.
You want to ask me
anything, baby?
No.
Well, we can talk about it
whenever you want.
Or not, okay?
It's up to you.
All right.
Why don't you go
get back into bed?
I'll come in in a minute
and tuck you in.
All right.
Oh, buddy.
Good night.
(sniffles)
(kettle whistling)
Oh, Jesus, Jax.
A little heads up
would've been nice.
(kettle continues whistling)
(whistling stops)
You okay?
Thank you.
(sniffles)
What kind of tea do you want?
The kind that goes good
with a shot of Jameson.
(Jax grunting)
I love you, son.
Love you, Daddy.
All right.
Get some sleep.
Daddy?
Yeah?
Is Wendy my first mommy
'cause I came out of her tummy?
Yeah.
That's right.
So, is that why
Grandma killed my other mommy?
So my first mommy could be
here with me?